# The-world-best-home-remedies-to-avoid-hart-blockage-or-heart-attack
The world best home remedies to avoid hart blockage, heart attack and heart disease. The world best home remedies to avoid hart blockage, heart attack and heart disease friends, today I have very important information for you to avoid heart blockage and maybe after knowing this information, you will never have any problem related to heart. This home remedies is one of world best home remedies.  World Best home remedies  World Best home remedies       What is high blood cholesterol? Friends cholesterol is a problem that has affected most of the people, it is a very fast spreading disease which may have survived in adult people and now it is found even in children, humans are not aware of it and  It grows slowly and has many symptoms, but due to the lack of knowledge about it, he keeps ignoring them as a small problem.  Many people die to cholesterol all over world every year due to heart blockage or heart attack. When you will use this that world best home remedies you can avoid all hart problems successfully.  World Best home remedies    Cholesterol is a yellow colored substance like wax, whereas cholesterol is as important as the blood in our body because cholesterol produces bile acids in the liver that help digest food. Its helps to make vitamin D and also helps our body to make sex hormones in the body and 70 percent of cholesterol is received from our liver and tremaning 30  Percent get from food.    Types of cholesterol: -  There are two types of cholesterol. HDL high density lipoprotein is a good cholesterol and LDL flame density lipoprotein is this bad cholesterol that starts sticking in our arteries which causes blockage. That cone most fried food and non-veg in our body.     the treatment:-  To normalize cholesterol, we need coriander seeds, yellow mustard seed, cinnamon, turmeric and fennel.     Method of preparation: -  Take 20g coriander seeds, 10g yellow mustard seed, one finger as much cinnamon, 10g fennel, 2 teaspoons turmeric and mix all of them to make powder.   Mode of intake: -  First heat a glass of water on medium heat, after that add a teaspoon of mixed powder and then heat it on a high flame for 5 to 6 minutes and then remove it from the gas and keep it to cool. Now your drink is ready,  take it once a day after breakfast or after eating and use green vegetables for food.
